 



Apr 18 2017

Mastan Paidela
President
Synapsis Inc.
400 Chatham Road, Suite 100B
Springfield, IL 62704

Re:  Verification of contractor assignment: Anand Kumar Chittaluri 

This is to confirm that Anand Kumar Chittaluri is sub-contracted to Collabera, Inc. through his employer Synapsis Inc. (formerly known as SSB Systems Inc.) Anand Kumar Chittaluri has been on contract to Wells Fargo through Collabera, Inc. as a full time Programmer Analyst at the following work location:

730 2nd Avenue South, Minneapolis, MN 55402 

In this role, Anand Kumar Chittaluri will perform the following work tasks: 
•	Acts as the highest-level technical expert on the development and implementation of large-scale distributed web applications on diverse platforms, crossing multiple business lines. 
•	Uses expert knowledge of web technologies, including Java, J2EE, Java Script, HTML, Spring Framework, Maven, XML, JSON, Restful Web Services, SOAP Services, and database modeling tools and/or database interactions. 
•	Uses current best practices of software development including refactoring, test driven development, and continuous integration.
•	Evaluates systems performance of a production site and determines and implements the most efficient and cost-effective software/package solution.
•	Provides leadership in researching and implementing new web technologies, developing service applications, and analyzing business requirements as they pertain to web-based systems. 
The position generally requires skills related to Bachelor’s degree or equivalent. The assignment is currently scheduled to end on [DATE], but may be extended beyond this date.
Wells Fargo is not Anand Kumar Chittaluri’s employer. During this contract at all times, he is sub-contracted to Collabera Inc. through his employer Synapsis Inc. Collabera Inc. and Synapsis Inc. are responsible for his supervision and shall have the sole right to control and manage how he performs his duties and work hours.  Further, Collabera Inc. and Synapsis Inc. are responsible for his salary and benefits.

Please contact me if you have any questions or need more detailed information.

Sincerely,



Matthew A Stene
Technical Manager

Tel 612-667-9223
matthew.a.stene@wellsfargo.com
